Then you will make me better. Thank you, thank you, thank you.
thank you thank you thank you
We need a room, thank you
Then you, the soup is only two, thank you for your hard work, then buckle it
I understand. Thank you, my family.
What do you mean, are you leaving? Dad
Cheng calls me right to be a human being
It's him Pingping
My name is Dao Gu
Someone wants to call me mom again, I am not, I know
What does it mean to make you unhappy but you are still there
It's not that I haven't got a certificate yet.
You clearly asked my mother to take a look at me, and I didn’t feel better.
All a family
And because of my father who was injured during these hours
Why are these guys?
It’s so hard to hear
Look at what a great person you are
Why do you think I still love you as much as I did when I was a child?
Rub me to death
Where are you two?
They are all daddy’s precious daughters.
I hope you will be beaten for two days
We need to get to know each other in a while, you know, where will Li'er be tomorrow?
They're going to set up a street style laundry for you.
At that time, all the trial members will be discarded.
publicly acknowledged identity
Just hope tonight